[IMP] migration_details: adjust configuration (#3904)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: docsource/migration_details.rst

Edit the configuration files and command line parameters to point to the
database you are going to upgrade. The recommended command line parameters are the

> ``--upgrade-path=/home/OpenUpgrade/openupgrade_scripts/scripts --update all --stop-after-init --load=base,web,openupgrade_framework`` flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``--upgrade-path=<path_to_openupgrade>/openupgrade_scripts/scripts --update all --stop-after-init --load=base,web,openupgrade_framework`` flags.
```

For versions earlier than 14.0 that are running the OpenUpgrade fork rather
than Odoo itself, you do not pass the `load` parameter.
Firstly, modify the addons_path in the configuration to use OpenUpgrade addons. The recommended command-line parameters to use are 
``--config=yourconf --update all --stop-after-init.``

> Once the configuration setup is complete, execute odoo-bin from OpenUpgrade, not from the standard Odoo package.

Reviewer: This doesn't seem correct

Author: I thought for the versions before odoo14, we need to use openupgrade addons and we should use openupgrade odoo-bin. My understanding was wrong?

Reviewer: Yes, but the previous sentence is already saying that mostly. Compact everything in one sentence for avoiding misunderstandings.

Edit the configuration files and command line parameters to point to the
database you are going to upgrade. The recommended command line parameters are the
``--upgrade-path=<path_to_openupgrade>/openupgrade_scripts/scripts --update all --stop-after-init --load=base,web,openupgrade_framework`` flags.

For versions earlier than 14.0 that are running the OpenUpgrade fork rather

> than Odoo itself, you do not pass the `load` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than Odoo itself, you do not pass the `load` nor `upgrade-path` parameters.
```
